smooth And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass.
гладкому Флотилия двинулась, лодки заскользили по гладкому как стекло озеру.

smooth Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant face above: it was ancient and monkey-like, with a long thin beard that fell almost to the bottom of the wizard’s sweeping stone robes, where two enormous grey feet stood on the smooth chamber floor.
гладкий Из-под мантии виднелись две громадные серые стопы, подпиравшие гладкий пол.

smooth Glancing out of his window, Harry saw the smooth, black, glassy surface of the water, a mile below.
гладкое Выглянув из окна, Гарри увидел под собой гладкое черное зеркало воды.

smooth His eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the handle right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail.
гладкие На кончике древка золотился регистрационный номер, гладкие прямые березовые прутья были как на подбор.

smooth It was nothing like a broomstick, and Harry knew which one he preferred; the Hippogriff’s wings were beating uncomfortably on either side of him, catching him under his legs and making him feel he was about to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under his fingers and he didn’t dare get a stronger grip; instead of the smooth action of his Nimbus Two Thousand, he now felt himself rocking backwards and forwards as the hindquarters of the Hippogriff rose and fell with his wings.
гладкую Гиппогриф резко нагнул гладкую, как шелк, шею, и Гарри чуть не перелетел через клюв, хорошо, что успел откинуться назад.

smooth Hagrid was a good seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, but his face was beardless, young, round and smooth – he looked hardly older than eleven.
гладкое Судя по яблоне на снимке, Хагрид уже ростом метра два с половиной, но совсем еще мальчик: без бороды, лицо круглое, гладкое — лет одиннадцати, не больше.

smooth To hold himself steady, he tightened his hold on the two things he was still clutching – the smooth, cold handle of the Triwizard Cup, and Cedric’s body.
гладкую Чтобы как-то остановить это безостановочное раскачивание, Гарри вцепился еще крепче в Седрика и в гладкую холодную ручку Кубка.

smooth They crept forwards and Harry saw that they were facing a large, smooth mound of earth nearly as tall as Hagrid that he thought, with a jolt of dread, was sure to be the lair of some enormous animal.
гладкий Они прокрались вперед еще на несколько шагов, и Гарри увидел сквозь заросли огромный гладкий курган, высотой почти с Хагрида.

smooth ‘There, there,’ said Slughorn, waving his wand so that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with a muffled sort of crash, on to the dead spider, forming a smooth mound.
гладкий — Ну будет, будет, — сказал Слизнорт и взмахнул волшебной палочкой — огромная груда земли поднялась в воздух и с глухим стуком упала на мертвого паука, образовав гладкий холмик.

smooth Harry saw his face reflected, upside-down, in the smooth surface of the green potion.
гладкой — Дамблдор склонился, чтобы попристальнее вглядеться в чашу, и Гарри увидел на гладкой поверхности зелья перевернутое отражение его лица.

smooth ‘Petrificus Totalus!’ yelled Harry, struggling to cling on to the smooth, soaked surface of the island as he pointed his wand at the Inferius that had his arm: it released him, falling backwards into the water with a splash.
гладкий — Петрификус Тоталус! – крикнул Гарри, пытаясь зацепиться за гладкий, влажный камень и тыча палочкой в инфернала, который держал его за руку.

smooth He could not get enough breath into his lungs to call back: then a heavy smooth mass smashed him to the floor and he felt it slide over him, powerful, muscular –
гладкая Тяжелая гладкая масса навалилась на него и придавила.

smooth There were smooth stone steps on the other side: it looked as though the passageway had been there for years.
гладкие С другой стороны были гладкие каменные ступени.

